---
layout: post
title: Candles are very expensive
---

After a Bath and Body Works opened not too far from my house, my mother went _insane._ When the shop owners cut the ribbon, at least _half_ of their entire candle
stock was halved thanks to her obsession with candles. Now, you may be thinking, _"This sounds like an unhealthy obsession and your house has to smell beautiful."_ While my house
does smell amazing, this isn't really a bad thing to go on about. In fact, I actively **endorse** it.

Look, candles are awesome. They capture a great scent in a wide-mouth jar and actively pose a fire hazard, _what's not to like?_ You can get candles that are small, like tea candles;
gigantic, like three-wick jars from Bath and Body Works, which we have an entire doomsday bunker filled with; or a normal-sized one-wick jar that lasts for literal _days._ Plus, they come in
different jar types, like a mason jar; colors, like those chakra pillar candles; and _scents. Oh to be a scented candle,_ smelling great and amazing. The last time I checked Bath and Body Works, there
was no end to all the candle scents they had. _Paris Café, Eucalyptus Mint, Suntan_ **all** beckoning me over to the bookshelves for a quick whiff. What a wonderful day that was.

But in all serious, I ended up placing the candles in my small basket and took them to the counter to get these candles. Then, at the last minute, the woman behind the counter scanned one in...
## $24.95

I learned a valuable lesson that day: Bath and Body Works is _very_ expensive. An average three-wick candle will run you up $25 dollars. Might as well put a down payment on a cheap car from one of
those _sleazy_ used-car salesmen, at least I'll get something that is useful. _Now I understand why my mother has a candle budget in her checkbook._
